# Grouping-Students
My Grouping Project 
My project will be about pairing students or grouping students randomly. This will help the teacher create groups for projects. I will also include different features for the teacher to pair students with. I also want to add the feature where certain students cannot be paired with each other. I will make a program where the teacher lists students, and chooses combinations that he/she does not want together. After this, the program will randomly sort the students, without grouping the students that the teacher does not want grouped together. 
By the first two weeks i want to learn how to make the randomizer. This will randomly sort students into groups of different numbers. After that, i will make a program that separates students that the teacher does not want to be grouped together. This will be a bigger challenge because the teacher would have to input the names she does not want together. I think this will be an overall tough project for me, but i will try to succeed and complete as much as i can. 
	I will test my project by running it, and trying to separate students. If the program does not work and still groups those students together, I will know that the program is not running correctly. I will also try to run it without separating students, and keep running it, to make sure the groups it produces are not too repetitive. My last test, would choose to keep all the students separated, and see if my program would run an error code, or if it will still group students together when it should not be. 
